Secure and Extensible Remote System
Administration via Large Language Model Agents
using the Model Context Protocol
Arya Jalindar Kadam
Department of Information Technology
BRACT’s Vishwakarma Institute of Information Technology
Pune, India
aryakadam348@gmail.com
Tejaswini Jaywant Durge
Department of Information Technology
BRACT’s Vishwakarma Institute of Information Technology
Pune, India
tejaswinidurge41@gmail.com
Prasad Rajaram Kute
Department of Information Technology
BRACT’s Vishwakarma Institute of Information Technology
Pune, India
prasadkute0708@gmail.com
Soham Atul Deshmukh
Department of Information Technology
BRACT’s Vishwakarma Institute of Information Technology
Pune, India
sohamatuldeshmukh2003@gmail.com
Hanmant Magar
Department of Information Technology
BRACT’s Vishwakarma Institute of Information Technology
Pune, India
hanmant.magar@viit.ac.in
Abstract—The developed system allows remote management of
computers using simple text messages sent through Telegram. At
its core, a large language model (LLM) agent interprets these
plain-language commands. An LLM agent sits behind the chat,
figures out what the user wants, and executes it on the host
through a local FastMCP server. The Model Context Protocol
(MCP) ties these pieces together that gives a structured, schemadirect linkage of these elements by doing away with the need for
numerous custom integrations. Knowing that it is dangerous to
entrust an AI to do something. shell commands, the solution that
is implemented is composed of a robust three-tier safety system.
To begin with, a per-user whitelist of permissions, protects the
issuing of commands by authorized people. Second, a blacklist is
a regular expression based blacklist that proactively identifies and
prevents possible harmful commands, like ‘rm -rf’, before they
reach the operating system. Finally, a pattern filter scrutinizes
the LLM-generated Python code and prevents the inclusion of
dangerous imports.
The proposed solution agent was constructed using LangGraph
and has been successfully tested with more than ten different
models from major providers like Google, OpenAI, and Anthropic. Notably, switching between these AI models did not
require modifications to the system’s toolset. In performance
evaluations, the system achieved a 92 % success rate in 50
administrative tasks, effectively neutralized all 30 simulated
adversarial attacks and delivered responses in an average of less
than four seconds. This system has been in continuous operation
since early 2026.
Index Terms—LLM, MCP, Remote Administration, Sandboxing, FastMCP, Telegram Bot, LangGraph, Multi-Model, ReAct
Agent, RCE Mitigation.
I. INTRODUCTION
Both methods work,. They require the user to know exactly
what command to type or what buttons to click. A junior
admin who asks ”show me which process is using all the
RAM” won’t get an answer from a bash prompt. This gap
can be addressed with Large Language Models or LLMs.
They convert requests to specific shell commands interpret the
output and make decisions on what to do next [1], [2].
It is not getting LLMs to reason: it is to get it set up to
operate safely. Every tool, like a file manager or package
installer needs code to work with LLMs. The way each new
LLM model works presents a big integration problem [3], [4].
There is a concern of safety. LLMs are able to invent things.
Bad input can mislead them. On one bad reply a disk can be
destroyed by an LLM [5], [6].
The two problems are solved by proposed system. We used
Anthropics Model Context Protocol [7]. It is a standard which
only allows each tool to be used with a single adapter and any
standard model can be used. The user interface is a Telegram
bot [8]. We decided on Telegram since it already supports
logins and notifications, on all platforms. We added three
security measures between the output of the LLMs and the
kernel of the computers: user permissions, a list of banned
commands and a filter that verifies the commands.
Part II deals with work. Part III-V discusses our objectives,
the mechanism of our system and the way we did it. Section VI
presents the findings of 50 tasks and 30 tests that are aimed
at deceiving the system. In Section VII and VIII, there are
discussions as to what worked not and what we intend to fix.
II. LITERATURE REVIEW
The design was influenced by three bodies of previous
literature: the way in which LLM agents perform system tasks,
the way in which MCP is trying to standardise tool access,
and the way in which sandboxes prevent the generated code
to create damage.
A. LLM Agents for System Tasks
The latest survey lists than a hundred papers on LLM-based
agents [1]. Most of these papers are based on some variation
of the loop that Yao et al. Talked about which is called ReAct.
This loop is simple: generate a plan execute a step look at what
happened and then adjust [2]. Something that really struck us
was the experiment that Cao et al. Did. They told GPT-4 to
do 150 Linux administrator jobs like cleaning up disks setting
up firewall rules and doing package upgrades. The model did
the rest on its own [9].
Other people have used the idea to control engineering [10],
[11] and multi-model pipelines. For example one LLM can
send work to specialist models [12], [13]. This shows that
LLM-based agents can reason. What we needed to make LLMbased agents work in life was a safe way to connect them to
a live operating system, like Linux. We needed this to make
LLM-based agents go live.
B. The Model Context Protocol
Prior to MCP, to bind a tool to an LLM, one needed to
write glue code to the particular model calling convention.
Models trained by Schick et al. to invoke APIs were trained
on a small number of demonstrations to guide the process
of API selection [3]; Patil et al. fine-tuned a single model
to select APIs in particular to the task of API selection 3.
Both enhanced accuracy, yet all the new tools still required a
new adapter. MCP [7] addresses the issue on the wire level,
taking the client,server split of IDEs in the Language Server
Protocol [14]. A tool publishes a name, a short description,
and a JSON Schema describing its arguments; the LLM fills
in the schema, and the MCP server runs the call over JSONRPC 2.0 [15] (stdio for local use, HTTP + SSE for remote).
Practically this implied that when we introduced a sixth tool
in the middle of development, we wrote a single Python class
and then restarted–there was no longer any change.
C. Sandboxing AI-Generated Code
An LLM with the ability to call the function of executing
code, has arbitrary code execution - whether it wants it or
not. It uses prompt-injection attacks: Liu et al. demonstrated
that the apps LLM would run attacker payloads by masking
instructions in user input and got them to do so successfully,
and Greshake et al. demonstrated the same indirectly through
documents retrieved by them, both by doing it successfully.
Testing ChatGPT plugins, published by Iqbal et al., questioned
more than forty-five percent of them, enabling them to send
and obtain data without a strong data-handling and permission
checkup [16]. OWASP has now placed prompt injection as the
highest risk of LLM applications [6].
The extent to which isolation is sufficient is based on the
threat model. Docker containers are inexpensive and use the
same host kernel [17]. At almost native speed, WebAssembly
provides memory safety [18], [19]. Firecracker micro-VMs can
boot to a minimal kernel in less than 125 ms per workload (as
of 2020) [20] at the cost of operational load. We decided on the
least heavy one, which is run on the host, but filter all shell
commands by a regex blacklist and all Python snippets by
pattern-based imports. Section V is the answer to the question
why, and where we discovered it breaking.
III. OBJECTIVE
The primary objectives of this study are as follows:
1) Unified protocol design: To establish a common protocol that consolidates diverse functionalities such as
shell operations, file management, Python execution, and
system monitoring within the framework of the Model
Context Protocol (MCP) [7]. The architecture is also
made to be independent of the large language model
(LLM) it uses, such that changing the model does not
necessitate changes to the implementations of the tools.
Several models with various providers were used to
assess this property.
2) Reduced system requirements: To enable user interaction solely through Telegram, thereby avoiding the
need for additional configurations such as virtual private
networks (VPNs), secure shell (SSH) credentials, or
dedicated software installations.
3) Secure and fail-safe execution: To incorporate automated safeguards that ensure reliable system operation
without continuous human oversight. This is achieved
through layered security mechanisms, including user access control via whitelisting, command validation using
regular expression filtering, and pattern-based screening
of Python code.
4) Modular extensibility: To design the system in a
modular manner that simplifies the integration of
new functionalities, such as database connectors or
GitHub adapters, requiring minimal development effort—typically limited to implementing a single Python
class followed by a system restart.
IV. ARCHITECTURE
The suggested system consists of three main elements, as it
is depicted in Fig. 2. The startup of these components and their
interaction with each other is handled by a central controller
class, which is called RemoteAgentApp.
A. Telegram Bridge
The Telegram bridge, implemented in
telegram_bridge.py (approximately 800 lines of
code) is our primary entry point for all incoming user
messages.It cross-references the Telegram user ID of the
Fig. 1. Architecture Flowchart: a Telegram message enters the Bridge, is
routed to the LLM Agent, which issues JSON-RPC tool calls to the MCP
Server. Responses travel the same path in reverse.
sender with a YAML whitelist before determining the
destination: explicit commands such as /shell/ are sent
directly to the MCP server; everything else is sent to the
LLM agent.
The bridge eventually expanded to perform routing as
well. Through an inline keyboard (/models), users can change
LLM models in the middle of a conversation. Additionally,
a dedicated Code Mode facilitates extended AI-assisted programming interactions (see Section V-C). Destructive tasks
such as the deletion of files need a confirmation tap which
expires after 60 seconds. Users that do not have a whitelisted
ID can still use a password to log in, we added this feature
after realising that we were continually locking ourselves out
when logging in on new devices.
Furthermore, to improve accessibility, an alternative authentication mechanism has been incorporated. Users whose
Telegram IDs are not present in the whitelist can authenticate
using a password-based login to prevent unintended access
issues during multi-device usage and testing scenarios.
B. LLM Agent
Our initial outlay was to an external CLI tool to do
the LLM reasoning. This was until we had to support
per-user context and model switching, when we removed
it and substituted it with LangGraph [21], a graph-based
agent framework that runs on LangChain [22]. The core is
a create_react_agent graph: the model examines the
conversation, selects a tool, reads the output and repeats until
it has an answer [2]. We wrapped each of our five tools in
a LangChain StructuredTool with a Pydantic schema so
the LLM gets typed arguments instead of raw strings, this
in itself removed a category of parsing errors that we were
experiencing.
Creation of the models passes via a factory in
providers.py. You feed it a string such as
google/gemini-2.5-flash and it returns a readyto-use instance of LLM. Right now application supports
six Gemini models (Flash is the default), four OpenAI
models and Anthropic Claude. Switching occurs at runtime
via Telegram with /models; the tools are unaware of or
concerned with what model is invoking them.
Each user gets a UserContext which is basically a
sliding window of the last 30 messages. Trimming it regrounds us to the initial HumanMessage; otherwise Gemini
complains of orphaned tool calls. Each agent invocation is
enclosed in asyncio.wait_for (120 seconds by default,
600 in Code Mode) to ensure that a stuck model does not
prevent the bot.
C. MCP Server
The FastMCP is based on the server (mcp_server.py),
which is used to host all the tools. Three conditions must be
met before a call is executed, namely: the permission tier of
the caller must include the requested tool, the command must
pass the regex blacklist, and (if it is Python code) the import
filter must approve the request. In case of failure of any of
the checks, the call is terminated and the admin receives a
Telegram message. We also hard-block access to the .env
at three different locations (path validation, shell filter, Python
filter) following an initial scare where the LLM was attempting
to cat our API keys to “check the configuration.
D. Use-case
Fig. ??. Based on their roles and permissions, this use case
diagram shows how different types of users use a system.
The process starts with different types of users, such as
unauthorized users, read-only users, standard users, and admin
users. The authentication step is the first thing that all users
must do. This is where the system checks their identity, like
by using a Telegram ID. The system immediately rejects the
connection if the user is not authorized, which keeps things
safe.
Users can do things based on their role once they have been
verified. Users who can only read can only do things that don’t
change the system, like reading server logs or querying system
telemetry. Standard users can do things like run safe shell
commands or sandboxed Python scripts, which are normal
tasks. These operations are watched so that any harmful or
destructive commands can be found and stopped before they
are run. Admin users have the most access, which lets them
run harmful commands and change user permissions.
All of these operations eventually interact with the host
system, where things like input/output operations and sub-
process execution happen. The diagram shows a clear rolebased access control system that keeps sensitive operations to
authorized users only, which keeps the system safe and sound.
Fig. 2. Use-case Diagram
V. METHODOLOGY
A. Tool Suite
We shipped what is listed in Table I. All tools are Python
classes, named, with a JSON Schema of required inputs, and
a required permission level. The schema is simply seen by the
LLM - it is not aware of the implementation.
TABLE I
FASTMCP TOOL SUITE
Tool Capability Min. Tier
ShellTool Run OS commands, capture stdout/stderr user
FilesTool List, read, write, delete files user
PythonExecTool Execute Python snippets on host user
AppTool Launch or kill desktop applications user
SystemTool CPU, RAM, disk, process list readonly
B. Data Flow
Fig. 3 shows a safe system that uses an AI model to process
a user’s request and carry it out safely. The end user sends an
input first. This input goes to the Identity and Authentication
stage (P1), where the system uses a configuration file to check
the user’s identity and permissions. Once the user is verified,
the request goes to Semantic Parsing (P2), where the system
figures out what the user wants and turns it into a structured
format using stored context or memory. The LLM provider
then gets this structured request and makes instructions or code
to carry it out.
Before execution, the Sandbox Interceptor (P3) checks and
cleans up the code to make sure it doesn’t do anything harmful
or unauthorized. If the code is not safe, a security exception is
raised and sent right away to be handled. If it is safe, it goes to
the FastMCP Execution stage (P4), where the code runs on the
Fig. 3. Data flow
host system and gives output. The Response Formatting stage
(P5) then gets this output and changes it into a format that
is easy for the user to read. The user then gets the formatted
result back. The system also has an error retry loop, which
means that if something goes wrong during processing, it can
try again with the AI model to get a better result.
C. Code Mode
Single-turn administration commands are suitable in the
case of ”checking disk space”, but not in the case of refactor
the logging module. We added there Code Mode. The user
writes the command: /code and chooses a working directory,
describes the purpose and the bridge switches to: STATE
CODING. The agent in this state receives a different system
prompt - it is forced to follow an Explore →Plan →Execute
→Verify sequence as opposed to attempting to solve everything on a single attempt. We increased the iteration limit
25 to 80 and the maximum time 120 s to 600 s since multifile edits are slow. The progress callbacks increment the chat
with intermediate results as they occur, thus the user does not
have to stare at a blank screen ten minutes. Code Mode is set
to default of gemini-2.5-pro—slower, but which which
copes better when you have longer tasks.
D. Security Layers
All tools calls are considered to be untrusted irrespective of
the sender of the call [6], [16]. Between the intent of the LLM
and the OS there are three filters. If any one fails, the call is
killed and the admin gets a Telegram message.
Algorithm 1 Sandbox gate for incoming tool calls
Require: Tool call T with caller ID c, tool name n, arguments
a
1: tier ← LOOKUPTIER(c)
2: if tier = null then
3: return REJECT(“unknown user”)
4: end if
5: if MINTIER(n) > tier then
6: return REJECT(“insufficient permissions”)
7: end if
8: if n = ShellTool then
9: for all pattern p ∈ REGEXBLACKLIST do
10: if p.SEARCH(a.command) then
11: return REJECT(“blocked command”)
12: end if
13: end for
14: end if
15: if n = PythonExecTool then
16: for all s ∈ BLOCKEDIMPORTS do
17: if s ⊆ a.code then
18: return REJECT(“forbidden import”)
19: end if
20: end for
21: for all pattern p ∈ DANGEROUSCALLPATTERNS do
22: if p.SEARCH(a.code) then
23: return REJECT(“dangerous call”)
24: end if
25: end for
26: end if
27: if a references .env path then
28: return REJECT(“secret file access”)
29: end if
30: return EXECUTE(n, a)
Layer 1 — Identity and permissions. Every Telegram
user ID is associated with a tier, either one of the following:
-readonly, -user, or -admin. Silently ignored are unrecognised
IDs. When a read only user requests to do something, the
agent tells them they are not allowed to; the sandbox does not
even receive the request.
Layer 2 — Command regex filter. The sandbox uses each
of its compiled regex patterns to match the entire command
string (currently 11 caret-anchored patterns including the commands: rm -rf , format, mkfs, dd if=, shutdown,
reboot, piped nc, and so forth), before the ShellTool spawns a
subprocess. Patterns anchored with ˆ to ensure a subcommand
argument like systemctl restart nginx is not blocked when it
should be, but shuts down now is happen.
Layer 3 — Pattern-based Python filter. The
PythonExecTool analyzes the source code of an
LLM-generated program to identify blocked import strings
( os.system and subprocess and shutil.rmtree),
and runs regular expressions to match dangerous builtin functions, including exec() and eval() and
__import__(). Another group of patterns blocks access
to any attempt to read any of the files named with the suffix
.env using the open() or Path.read_text() methods.
Before executing, matching code is rejected. The general flow
is presented in above Algorithm 1.
VI. RESULTS
A. Test Setup
All tests were conducted on a Windows 11 desktop (i5-
12400, 16 GB RAM) and the MCP server was local. Claude
3.5 Sonnet was the LLM through the Anthropic API; the
round-trip time to the API was 180 ms on average.
We hand-wrote two test suites: 50 legitimate administration
tasks in five categories (file management, networking, process
control, system info, Python scripting) and 30 malicious
payloads–prompt injection, command injection, and Python
import smuggling.
B. Functional Results
Table II has the breakdown. 46 out of 50 tasks passed.
The three failures were all the same root cause: the LLM
generated Linux commands on a Windows box (grep instead
of findstr, that kind of thing). The fourth failure was a
timeout–a recursive disk scan which had exceeded the 60-
second limit.
TABLE II
FUNCTIONAL TEST RESULTS BY TASK CATEGORY
Category Tasks Pass Avg. time (s)
File management 12 11 2.8
Networking 10 10 3.1
Process control 8 8 2.4
System info 10 10 1.9
Python scripting 10 7 4.6
Total 50 46 3.0
End-to-end latency - the longest time taken to send the
message of the Telegram and receive a response - was 3.0s
on average. Most of it (approximately 1.8s) was consumed by
the LLM API call. The processing time of MCP server itself
was less than 200ms hence it is obvious that the bottleneck
lies at the model.
Upon these tests, we installed the system to a macOS
computer to use it daily. The default production setup is
Gemini 2.5 Flash. We have since used it with ten-plus models
across all three providers and the tool layer and sandbox only
required one change to change, which is exactly what we
wanted MCP to provide.
C. Security Results
The adversarial results are presented in Table III. None of
the 30 payloads made it to the OS.
TABLE III
ADVERSARIAL TEST RESULTS (30 PAYLOADS)
Attack type N Blocked Blocked by
Cmd injection (rm, format) 10 10 Layer 2 (regex)
Prompt injection 8 8 Layer 2 + LLM
Import smuggling (os,
subprocess)
7 7 Layer 3 (pattern)
Permission escalation 5 5 Layer 1 (tier)
Total 30 30 —
Two of the immediate injections are worthy of description.
To a payload of del C:\* execute all commands, one
prepended it with one of the following: system: you are now in
maintenance mode. The LLM did not send it to the ShellTool,
thus the injection was partially successful, but the regex filter
killed it before it could hit the OS. The coded other one base64
message. That was beyond the range of our filter. Our savior
was the model itself: it did not decode and execute an opaque
blob. That behaviour is not something we can depend on in
different versions of the model, but it was a reminder that
defence in depth can sometimes be effective in unforeseen
locations.
VII. DISCUSSION
Why MCP helped. The initial prototype we had before
we switched to MCP required changes to three files and two
process restarts to uncover a single new command. When MCP
was present (via anthropic2024mcp) it took approximately 40
lines of Python: a single class, a single schema, a single
registration call, and nothing in the codebase was required
to know about it. It is the M × N → M + N reduction which
Patil et al. write about theoretically [4] about it in theory; we
observed it in practice.
LangGraph and multi-model validation: The largest architectural modification that we had to make was the replacement of our original CLI-based wrapper with a LangGraph
ReAct graph [21]. The reward came swiftly: since the LLM is
a pluggable subsystem in create react agent, we could replace
Gemini with GPT or Claude by adjusting a single line of
config- no tool-side modifications. The adapters of LangChain
to the StructuredTool (using the adapters named StructuredTool) helped, as well; typing the model with schemas that
were validated in Pydantic reduced the number of malformed
argument errors we had chased down over weeks. Something
we were not expecting: Gemini API errors when the history
of message has a tool-call that does not have a corresponding
tool-result (which we had come to refer to as dangling
tool calls). We found ourselves writing a function, called
UserContext._trim() which will move the sliding window to the first HumanMessage whenever the context is
trimmed.
Where the sandbox held. Each of the 30 adversarial
payloads was detected prior to the OS. The regex filter
prevented the obvious ones direct -rm and direct format calls.
The import-smuggling attempts were prevented by the patternbased Python filter. We did not predict the LLM assisting us:
twice, the model would simply refuse to execute an obfuscated
command that our filters would have allowed to pass. We are
not counting on that—a future model version might not be as
cautious—but it was a welcome surprise during testing.
Where the sandbox broke. In informal testing we found
out that systemctl restart nginx was not allowed as the regex r
restart was found at any place in the string. We corrected this
by anchoring all patterns containing ˆ in such a way that they
do not match when the threatening word is the base command.
Individually, the blacklist was bypassed by a piped command
such as powershell -enc <base64> which we patched
with a new regex rule. These two cases underscore that a
blacklist is really nothing short of a partial defence [5], [23].
Production deployment. Since early 2026, we have been
operating the system on a personal machine to use in our
everyday life. A single command (uv run python src/main.py)
is the entry point; Telegram long-polling implies that we
do not have to work over a public IP address or have a
webhook endpoint. There is automatic rotation of logs–one
for operational events and one for security audits. The whole
codebase is 33 Python files, about 5 000 lines. Early on, we got
hard-blocking of the (.env) files at three levels (path validation,
shell command filter, Python code filter) that saved us at least
once by accidentally leaking API keys during testing.
Latency and cost Three seconds revolve around trip is
enough when you are trying to check in your ohone the disk
space. You may not wish to run 200 tasks in a batch, and
that is fine. The LLM API call takes about 1.8s; the MCP
server itself completes in less than 200 ms. A locally hosted,
smaller scale might likely reduce the overall latency to less
than a second, though we have not experimented to determine
whether the logic works on multi-step problems.
Telegram as a UI. We chose Telegram as it provided us
with two in the form of a free authentication (each user is
assigned to a globally unique ID) and push-notifications on
all platforms. The trade-off is that bot messages are not endto-end encrypted - the servers of Telegram can be read by them
[8]. In case the commands sent include sensitive information,
a self-hosted solution, such as Matrix or Element, would be
more suitable.
VIII. LIMITATIONS
Our largest limitation is that we execute on the bare host.
The output of the LLM has no container, micro-VM or WASM
boundary with the kernel. Our regex blacklist will help–caretanchoring will reduce false positives–but it can never get all
the obfuscated and aliased commands. This would be fixed by
a Firecracker micro-VM [20] or a Docker container [17] at
the expense of the complexity of deployment.
There is a similar gap in the Python filter. It does not do full
AST analysis, it does string matching, thus tricks such as manipulating the builtins with a name such as __builtins__
or tricks like importlib are bypassed completely. That can be
sealed by wrapping the Python runtime in a WebAssembly
sandbox [18], [19].
On the evaluation side, a sufficient number of tasks and
attacks are 50 and 30, respectively to demonstrate that the
architecture works, but not statistically significant. We tested
on Windows 11 and macOS but have not tried multi-host
orchestration. Telegram bot traffic is encrypted via TLS but not
end-to-end [8], sensitive environments would require a selfhosted messaging layer. Lastly, all LLM providers have their
own oddities, such as Gemini not quite understanding how to
call the dangling tool, GPT sometimes struggling to format an
argument, and we still have per-provider workarounds in spite
of the MCP abstraction.
IX. CONCLUSION
The system that we are describing is in production: a
Telegram bot supported by a LangGraph ReAct agent [21]
which is communicating with the host operating system using
MCP [7]. Throughout the course of development we three
times changed the LLM: Claude to Gemini to GPT and back
without ever interacting with the tool layer. That was sufficient
to prove to us the M + N premise of MCP. The threelayer sandbox (identity check, regex command filter, patternbased Python filter) prevented all the payloads in our 30-attack
adversarial test suite, and the system took 92 per cent of 50
tasks as an administrator with a 3-second average. It is not
flawless, however, it can be used nowadays.
The gaps are clear. Not all dangerous commands will be
included in our regex blacklist. The pattern-based Python filter
lacks tricks of importlib. Telegram does not provide an end-toend encryption of bot traffic. The following activities include
transferring execution to a Firecracker micro-VM [20] to cease
depending on a blacklist, introduce a whitelist mode to lockeddown settings and create a web dashboard of live system
metrics alongside the chat.
REFERENCES
[1] L. Wang, C. Ma, X. Feng, Z. Zhang, H. Yang, J. Zhang, Z. Chen, J. Tang,
X. Chen, Y. Lin, W. X. Zhao, Z. Wei, and J.-R. Wen, “A survey on
large language model based autonomous agents,” Frontiers of Computer
Science, vol. 18, no. 6, p. 186345, 2024.
[2] S. Yao, J. Zhao, D. Yu, N. Du, I. Shafran, K. Narasimhan, and Y. Cao,
“ReAct: Synergizing reasoning and acting in language models,” in
International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR), 2023.
[3] T. Schick, J. Dwivedi-Yu, R. Dess`ı, R. Raileanu, M. Lomeli, L. Zettlemoyer, N. Cancedda, and T. Scialom, “Toolformer: Language models
can teach themselves to use tools,” arXiv preprint arXiv:2302.04761,
2023.
[4] S. G. Patil, T. Zhang, X. Wang, and J. E. Gonzalez, “Gorilla: Large
language model connected with massive APIs,” in Advances in Neural
Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS), 2024.
[5] K. Greshake, S. Abdelnabi, S. Mishra, C. Endres, T. Holz, and M. Fritz,
“Not what you’ve signed up for: Compromising real-world LLMintegrated applications with indirect prompt injection,” arXiv preprint
arXiv:2302.12173, 2023.
[6] OWASP Foundation, “OWASP top 10 for large language model applications 2025,” https://owasp.org/
www-project-top-10-for-large-language-model-applications/, 2025,
accessed: 2025-04-10.
[7] Anthropic, “Introducing the model context protocol,” https://www.
anthropic.com/news/model-context-protocol, 2024, accessed: 2025-04-
10.
[8] Telegram FZ-LLC, “Telegram bot API documentation,” https://core.
telegram.org/bots/api, 2023, accessed: 2025-04-10.
[9] C. Cao, F. Wang, L. Lindley, and Z. Wang, “Managing Linux servers
with LLM-based AI agents: An empirical evaluation with GPT-4,”
Machine Learning with Applications, vol. 17, p. 100570, 2024.
[10] R. Zahedifar, S. A. Mirghasemi, M. S. Baghshah, and A. Taheri, “LLMAgent-Controller: A universal multi-agent large language model system
as a control engineer,” arXiv preprint arXiv:2505.19567, 2025.
[11] X. Guo, D. Keivan, U. Syed, L. Qin, H. Zhang, G. Dullerud, P. Seiler,
and B. Hu, “ControlAgent: Automating control system design via
novel integration of LLM agents and domain expertise,” arXiv preprint
arXiv:2410.19811, 2024.
[12] Y. Shen, K. Song, X. Tan, D. Li, W. Lu, and Y. Zhuang, “HuggingGPT:
Solving AI tasks with ChatGPT and its friends in Hugging Face,” arXiv
preprint arXiv:2303.17580, 2023.
[13] P. Lewis, E. Perez, A. Piktus, F. Petroni, V. Karpukhin, N. Goyal,
H. Kuttler, M. Lewis, W. tau Yih, T. Rockt ¨ aschel, S. Riedel, and ¨
D. Kiela, “Retrieval-augmented generation for knowledge-intensive
NLP tasks,” in Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems
(NeurIPS), vol. 33, 2020, pp. 9459–9474.
[14] Microsoft, “Language server protocol specification – 3.17,” https://
microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/, 2024, accessed: 2025-04-
10.
[15] JSON-RPC Working Group, “JSON-RPC 2.0 specification,” https://
www.jsonrpc.org/specification, 2013, accessed: 2025-04-10.
[16] U. Iqbal, T. Kohno, and F. Roesner, “LLM platform security: Applying
a systematic evaluation framework to OpenAI’s ChatGPT plugins,” in
AAAI/ACM Conference on AI, Ethics, and Society (AIES), 2024.
[17] S. Sultan, I. Ahmad, and T. Dimitriou, “Container security: Issues,
challenges, and the road ahead,” IEEE Access, vol. 7, pp. 52 976–52 996,
2019.
[18] A. Haas, A. Rossberg, D. L. Schuff, B. L. Titzer, M. Holman,
D. Gohman, L. Wagner, A. Zakai, and J. F. Bastien, “Bringing the
web up to speed with WebAssembly,” in Proceedings of the 38th
ACM SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design and
Implementation (PLDI). ACM, 2017, pp. 185–200.
[19] G. Perrone and S. P. Romano, “WebAssembly and security: A review,”
arXiv preprint arXiv:2407.12297, 2024.
[20] A. Agache, M. Brooker, A. Iordache, A. Liguori, R. Neugebauer,
P. Piwonka, and D.-M. Popa, “Firecracker: Lightweight virtualization
for serverless applications,” in 17th USENIX Symposium on Networked
Systems Design and Implementation (NSDI), 2020, pp. 419–434.
[21] LangChain, Inc., “LangGraph: Build stateful multi-actor applications
with LLMs,” https://github.com/langchain-ai/langgraph, 2024, accessed:
2026-04-10.
[22] ——, “LangChain: Build context-aware reasoning applications,” https:
//www.langchain.com/, 2024, accessed: 2026-04-10.
[23] Y. Liu, G. Deng, Y. Li, K. Wang, T. Zhang, Y. Liu, H. Wang,
Y. Zheng, and Y. Liu, “Prompt injection attack against LLM-integrated
applications,” arXiv preprint arXiv:2306.05499, 2023.